Time and circumstance
Don’t always work in our favor.
What might have been
if we just had the chance
Is something
we may never know.
But God looks down and sees;
He knows us better than we do.
He sees what we are
and what more we could be.
It’s all in the way
that we go.
He values all of us,
No matter what talent or gift we possess.
He wants each one of us
To be as caring as he is.
So you’re my friend
’cause you’re always there
Through our ups and downs
and through all we’ve shared.
And I’m there
When you need someone,
when things
are hard to bear.
I’ll be the friend you need.
You can count on me.
We weep with those who weep,
Sharing the things that we’re feeling.
But sometimes our tears
may be all that can speak,
Expressing what words cannot say.
Troubles can bring us down.
Jehovah can lift us
and carry us through.
We all can do the same
And help each other as friends do.
And you’re my friend
’cause you’re always there
Through our ups and downs
and through all we’ve shared.
And I’m there
When you need someone,
when things
are hard to bear.
I’ll be the friend you need.
You can count on me.
And you’re my friend
’cause you’re always there
Through our ups and downs
and through all we’ve shared.
And I’m there
When you need someone,
when things
are hard to bear.
I’ll be the friend you need.
You can count on me.